Add Shulker to the Agones adopters list (#3503)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Third Party Content/examples.md

* [Quilkin with Agones](https://github.com/googleforgames/quilkin/tree/main/examples) is an example of running [Xonotic](https://xonotic.org/) with Quilkin on an Agones cluster, utilising either [the sidecar integration pattern](https://github.com/googleforgames/quilkin/tree/main/examples/agones-xonotic-sidecar) or via the the [Quilkin xDS Agones provider](https://github.com/googleforgames/quilkin/tree/main/examples/agones-xonotic-xds) with a TokenRouter to provide routing and access control to the allocated GameServer instance.

You will need to download the Xonotic client to interact with the demo.

## Shulker

- [Shulker](https://github.com/jeremylvln/Shulker) is a Kubernetes operator for managing complex and dynamic Minecraft
  infrastructure at scale, including game servers and proxies. 
- It builds on top Agones `GameServer` and `Fleet` primitives to provide simplified abstractions specifically tailored
  to orchestrating Minecraft workloads. 

> Shulker requires you to have a genuine Minecraft account. You'll need to [purchase the game](https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/how-create-minecraft-account)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shulker requires you to have a genuine Minecraft account. You'll need to <a href="https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/how-create-minecraft-account" data-proofer-ignore>purchase the game</a>
```

Looks like the website is actively blocking us from testing the link, so we'll ignore it.

Otherwise, this looks good to go once we can see a preview 👍🏻

Author: Done :) Let's see if the CI passes :)

* [Quilkin with Agones](https://github.com/googleforgames/quilkin/tree/main/examples) is an example of running [Xonotic](https://xonotic.org/) with Quilkin on an Agones cluster, utilising either [the sidecar integration pattern](https://github.com/googleforgames/quilkin/tree/main/examples/agones-xonotic-sidecar) or via the the [Quilkin xDS Agones provider](https://github.com/googleforgames/quilkin/tree/main/examples/agones-xonotic-xds) with a TokenRouter to provide routing and access control to the allocated GameServer instance.

You will need to download the Xonotic client to interact with the demo.

## Shulker

- [Shulker](https://github.com/jeremylvln/Shulker) is a Kubernetes operator for managing complex and dynamic Minecraft
  infrastructure, including game servers and proxies.
- Under the hood, it makes use of Agones to manage the pods lifecycles through `Fleet` and `GameServer` resources.
- The end user does not manage Agones resources directly but rather simplified abstractions provided by Shulker
  dedicated for Minecraft workloads.

> - It achieves high availability and density Minecraft infrastructures as long as Agones is just as much.

Author: I took example from the other above but sure, I can work simplify a bit :)

> - [Shulker](https://github.com/jeremylvln/Shulker) is a Kubernetes operator for managing complex and dynamic Minecraft
>   infrastructure, including game servers and proxies.
> - Under the hood, it makes use of Agones to manage the pods lifecycles through `Fleet` and `GameServer` resources.
> - The end user does not manage Agones resources directly but rather simplified abstractions provided by Shulker
>   dedicated for Minecraft workloads.
> - It achieves high availability and density Minecraft infrastructures as long as Agones is just as much.

Reviewer: Thanks!

i started with looking at

> It achieves high availability and density Minecraft infrastructures as long as Agones is just as much.

Because I wasn't sure what you were trying to say here, and then I figured the statement 

> Under the hood, it makes use of Agones to manage the pods lifecycles through `Fleet` and `GameServer` resources.

Was probably redundant (since this is posted on Agones after all!), and once I did that, I figured we could make it a simpler statement.

That does lead me to one tweak to the above suggestion that may be even better:

```suggestion
- [Shulker](https://github.com/jeremylvln/Shulker) is a Kubernetes operator for managing complex and dynamic Minecraft infrastructure at scale, including game servers and proxies. 
- It builds on top Agones `GameServer` and `Fleet` primitives to provide simplified abstractions specifically tailored to orchestrating Minecraft workloads. 
```

Howzat?

> - It achieves high availability and density Minecraft infrastructures as long as Agones is just as much.

Author: I really like the suggestion, fixed :)

> Shulker requires you to have a genuine Minecraft account. You'll need to purchase the game to test

Author: Historically, "hacked" Minecraft account were always tolerated. Today, I must say, they represent quite a lot of the player community of Minecraft. It's very common for Minecraft servers to explicitly say that only genuine accounts are accepted. It may be surprising, but I think being explicit here is necessary.

> Shulker requires you to have a genuine Minecraft account. You'll need to purchase the game to test

Reviewer: Aaah - interesting context! That makes sense, I wasn't aware of that. 

I think a link would be good though, just for context - to here? https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/login ? or here? https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/how-create-minecraft-account (for those of us who are not familiar with minecraft).

> Shulker requires you to have a genuine Minecraft account. You'll need to purchase the game to test

Author: Yup, that's a good idea. Fixed.
